Update as-a-standalone-gateway.md (#3879)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/concepts/as-a-standalone-gateway.md

Since Choreo Connect is using the OpenAPI definition as the API descriptor, these additional properties should somehow go into OpenAPI definition maintained inside the API project. Choreo Connect utilizes OpenAPI Specification's vendor extensions for this purpose.

So to define above mentioned additional API/ Resource specific gateway attributes, Choreo Connect introduces set of open API vendor extensions for developers.

> List of available extensions are documented [here]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/getting-started/choreo-connect-key-concepts/) . (broken link!)

Reviewer: @Rajith90 , pls let us know the correct link to add here.

Reviewer 2: https://apim.docs.wso2.com/en/latest/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/concepts/as-a-standalone-gateway/#openapi-extensions This is the correct link

> List of available extensions are documented [here]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/getting-started/choreo-connect-key-concepts/) . (broken link!)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
List of available extensions are documented [here]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/concepts/as-a-standalone-gateway/#openapi-extensions ). 
```
